In this lecture we will learn about formatting tags in HCM So we're going to learn about several tags
in this video that we haven't yet covered in this course we can use the H.R. tag to add a horizontal
rule to our Web page to illustrate using this tag we will add a paragraph element the H.R. tag and then
another paragraph element then we will go to the web browser
when we run our code.
You will notice the horizontal line between our two paragraph elements.
The usual use of the H.R. tag is to define a change in sematic content.
Let's jump back to the editor
the ADR tag is used to define an abbreviation or acronym.
The reason that we use this tag is because it helps our abbreviation to be recognized as an abbreviation
by browsers and search engines.
You can also add the title element to spell out the full meaning when the user hovers their mouse over
the abbreviation for this example we will add the abbreviation tag inside of a paragraph element and
give it a title attribute with a value of buy one get one free.
Then we will give our abreviation element to content BOGO and then add a closing abreviation tag to
finish off our sentence.
We will add the words sale on pretzels before the closing paragraph tag so that the sentence reads BOGO
sale on pretzels.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code
when we hover over the word Bo-Bo.
You will see the phrase buy one get one free appear telling the user what the acronym Bogost stands
for.
Let's jump back to the editor
the address tag is where the web site owner or article author includes their contact information.
If this tag is within the body element of the webpage it means that it has the information about the
owner of the Web site.
If the address information is inside of an article element on a web page it means that the information
is about the article author.
For this example we will add our address element within the body of our webpage.
We will add some example contact info between the opening and closing address tags we added to our code.
Then we will go to the web browser and run the code.
Let's jump back to the editor the BDO tag is used to override the current text direction.
BDO stands for bidirectional override.
For this example let's say a two paragraph elements.
The first will have example text content that goes from left to right.
The second paragraph element will have a nested BDO element that specifies the direction of right to
left or RTL.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code
as you can see the first paragraph element goes from left to right and the second paragraph element
goes from right to left.
Let's go back to the editor and learn about another tag the Del tag shows text that has been deleted.
It displays the deleted text with a line through it.
Let's take a look at an example with the content example text where the word text has been deleted.
We will nest the Del tag inside of the element and put the opening and closing Del tags around the word
text.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code.
Since we surrounded the word tax in an opening and closing bell tag it is displayed with a line through
it.
Let's jump back to the editor the INS tag shows text that has been inserted the INS tag is the opposite
of the Del tag inserted text is shown as underlined in the web browser.
Let's change the Del tag from the example we just looked at into INS tags.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code
as you can see the word text that we surrounded in an opening and closing ins tag is now underlined.
Let's jump back to the editor
the DSN tag allows us to define the meaning of a word on our Web page.
We use this element inside of a p element and the text immediately outside of the closing DFS tag is
the definition.
For example we will add a paragraph element then we will add a define element inside of the opening
and closing define tags.
We will type the word web development.
Then after the closing define tag put before the closing paragraph tag we will add the definition of
web development writing code to create web pages then we will go to the web browser and run the code.
Let's jump back to the editor and learn about another tag
the KBG tag is used to display keyboard input in programming documentation.
This is used to show the commands that a user can use in a different font than the surrounding text
for example.
We will add a paragraph element with some text inside of the paragraph element we will add an opening
and closing keyboard tag with the key combination control plus C as the content of the element.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code when we run this code in the browser.
You will see the text control see rendered in a different style than the surrounding text.
Then we will go back to the editor the essay MP tag is used to display sample output from a computer
program similar to the Kaybee detail eg.
This tag shows the text that surrounds in a particular style and font for this example we will add a
paragraph element with some text then inside of the paragraph element we will add a sample element with
the content.
Result equals 5.
Once we finish typing that we will go to the web browser and run our code
then we will go back to the editor
the tag is used to indicate to the user that the text is no longer correct or accurate.
Our example here we'll start out with a paragraph element with some text.
There will be an element with the content text HVM L we will go to the web browser and write our code
then we will jump back to the editor to cue tag is used to define a short quotation.
It surrounds the text inside of its opening and closing tag in double quotes.
We will add an opening and closing queue tag with the content.
This text is a short quote then we will go to the web browser and run our code.
That wraps up our deep dive into formatting tags and HMO.
In the next lecture we will learn about HMO metadata tags.